docs: Update release docs (#5852)
holochain/holochain: docs/release/release.md

![release holochain workflow](./release-holochain_1.png)

This requires your GitHub account to have appropriate permissions.

1. Visit https://github.com/holochain/holochain/actions
2. Select the "release holochain" workflow (pinned workflow)
3. Click the "Run workflow" dropdown

> 4. (Optional) Pick a branch that is different from _develop_ for this release, e.g. _develop-0.6_ in case there are backports to be released

Reviewer: I think that this text could be clearer as it reads more like it's talking about the dropdown but I guess it's supposed to be about the `source_branch` and `target_branch` inputs. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
4. (Optional) If creating a release from a maintenance branch, set the source and target branch to that branch, e.g. _develop-0.6_ to release backported changes for `v0.6.x`.
```

Author: Mostly accepted, except the target branch shouldn't be set

If both of them are missing from the frontmatter, [_patch_ is used as the default](https://github.com/holochain/holochain/blob/bc621e3e06e998d35750b2bac6b0e1f0d371c2a2/crates/release-automation/src/lib/common.rs#L150-L154).

For both, this is the complete list of valid variants:

> * _minor_ (used to release new latest versions, e.g. 0.6.0-rc.2 -> 0.6.0)

Reviewer: Is this correct? I would expect that `minor` would increment the minor version so, `0.6.0` -> `0.7.0`.

Author: I believe either `minor` or `patch` would do the right thing here but we've previously used `minor` because I checked it against the last release and that's what this doc used to recommend. I'm going to stick with it to avoid problems and hope for this software to be replaced by our new release automation before I have to learn any more about this 🤞🏻

Reviewer: Sounds good. I also noticed that this matches what the cases below state so that's a good sign.

        * if **it is not followed** by a dot and an integer: ".0" will be added to the suffix
    * if the **existing suffix is different** than the requested one: replace it with `-<pre-release-suffix>.0`

> ### Artificial examples of consecutive releases

Author: Dropped these sections. I don't think they're that helpful and I didn't want to accuracy check them if they're not being read.

The `--match-filter` argument takes a regular expression to select to filter the crate names.
The ellipsis give the position of the new YAML code for the frontmatters.

### Case: Latest `develop` is nearly ready to be released as the next minor version

> ```console

Reviewer: Nitpick and existing but these `console` blocks are malformed and I think that `bash` or `sh` makes more sense and provides a copy icon to easily copy-paste the commands.

Author: Cool, agreed

EOF
)
```

### Case: The `develop` branch is producing RCs and is ready to be released

```console
nix run .#release-automation -- --workspace-path=$PWD --log-level=debug --match-filter=".*" changelog set-frontmatter <(cat <<EOF
default_semver_increment_mode: !pre_patch rc
semver_increment_mode: minor
EOF
)
```

### Case: A maintenance branch like `develop-0.6` is ready for a new patch release

```console
nix run .#release-automation -- --workspace-path=$PWD --log-level=debug --match-filter=".*" changelog set-frontmatter <(cat <<EOF
default_semver_increment_mode: !pre_patch rc
semver_increment_mode: patch
EOF
)
```

### Case: The `develop` branch has been released

Say that 0.6.0 has been released, then `develop` needs to be branched to `develop-0.6` and the `develop` branch needs to
be prepared for `0.7.0-dev.x` development.

```console
nix run .#release-automation -- --workspace-path=$PWD --log-level=debug --match-filter=".*" changelog set-frontmatter <(cat <<EOF
default_semver_increment_mode: !pre_minor dev
EOF
)
```

Note: the order of branching and changing mode is really important. If the release automation does not see a 0.6.0 release on the branch

> then it will try to switch to RC releases for 0.6 and not bump to 0.7.

Reviewer: It might be worth making this a Note block.

```suggestion
> [!Note]
> The order of branching and changing mode is really important. If the release automation does not see a 0.6.0 release on the branch
> then it will try to switch to RC releases for 0.6 and not bump to 0.7.
```
